I admit that you have some ability,
But you should admit it to me,
You will be looking for death.
Just reduce the number of shrimp soldiers and give it a try.
You dare to admit that Tan Tan happened.
If you are looking for death, kill him!
If you don't want him to die,
The first step is to kneel down,
Don't listen to him.
Don’t listen to me, little girl,
If you don’t kneel down and become the yellow under your hands,
Now you kneel with me wherever you want,
I sent him a message! I knelt down!
I didn't expect you to let him recover too
You asked me to be your director
I'll follow you
only what's here
I'm yours too
Don't think you can't, I think I'm your boy
I'm just sorry
Just a fee man
their own words
I can't even protect you. Stop telling me I'm familiar with you.
Why can't you find anyone?